Conversation opened. 1 read message.

Skip to content
Using Gmail with screen readers
20 of 2,248
We’re looking forward to your interview with Accenture on 18-Jul-2025!
Inbox

Accenture Careers <accenture@myworkday.com>
Tue 15 Jul, 18:06 (3 days ago)
to me

A white Accenture logo with Greater Than symbol appears about a wide but short, gradient color background that blends from left to right - purple to pink and to orange.
Hi Akash,

Good news! We can confirm that your Skills Interview for the role of AI / ML Engineer is all set.

This interview will help us get to know you better – but it’s also a great opportunity for you to find out more about the company. It’s a terrific time to be a part of Accenture and do incredible things.

Please take a moment to review the details to ensure they still suit you.

Date: 18-Jul-2025
Time: 07:00 PM until 08:00 PM GMT+05:30 India Standard Time (Kolkata)
The Plan:
The conversation will be Virtual Interview
[not available]


If for any reason you’re unable to attend, please let us know. You can do so using the reschedule option on
https://interviews.accenture.com/?CID=C16555683&APPID=JOB_APPLICATION-3-24636813


At Accenture, all assessments and interviews are recorded and go through multiple stages of auditing, both before an offer is extended and after onboarding.

We maintain stringent protocols to prevent any form of malpractice, including but not limited to cheating, unauthorized communication, the use of prohibited devices (such as mobile phones), and any attempts to tamper with systems, such as usage of malicious software.

Please ensure the following during your interview:
· Keep your camera and microphone on throughout the interview.
· Remain clearly visible in the camera for the duration of the interview.
· Do not seek any external assistance or take help from others during the interview.

Any engagement in unauthorized or fraudulent activities, misrepresentation, or the use of unfair means during the recruitment process will lead to appropriate actions by Accenture. This may include disqualification from the current recruitment process as well as all future opportunities.

Your information, including answers, video, audio, and online session data, will be recorded, stored, viewed, and analyzed to ensure the integrity of the interview. Please be assured that this data will be handled in accordance with applicable data privacy laws and Accenture’s Global Privacy Statement as agreed upon during registration.

We encourage all candidates to adhere to these guidelines throughout assessments and interviews to ensure a fair and transparent process.

Good luck and we hope it goes well!

*Please take note that, unless there is a formal offer of employment from Accenture, any communication made by Accenture in respect of open position/selection process or steps related thereto shall not be assumed or treated to be as a commitment or an offer of employment or guarantee of employment with Accenture*



Thank you,
Accenture Recruitment Team

In case of any questions and concerns please reach out to 1-800-309-1147 and choose option 1 on IVR, Monday through Friday between 9:00 AM to 6:30 PM and You can also write to candidate.queries@accenture.com for any queries related to your interview. The turnaround time to receive an update will be within 2 business days.

<<Note: This is an auto-generated email, please do not reply to this email>>

Accenture is committed to keeping your personal data secure and processing it in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Read our privacy statement and the specific recruiting and hiring privacy statement, which include important information on why and how Accenture is processing your personal data.

Accenture has not authorized any agency, company or individual to either collect money or arrive on any monetary arrangement in exchange for a job at Accenture. Accenture's criterion for hiring candidates is merit. Any agency, company or individual offering employment with Accenture in exchange for money is misrepresenting their relationship with Accenture, which has not authorized any such action. If you are approached by any entity or individuals who demand money or any other form of compensation in return for a job offer at Accenture's even if they present themselves as representatives or employees of Accenture, please send the details to our business ethics helpline.
				
This email was intended for aswain414@gmail.com
